what's up guys Jamie 2017 here bringing
another destiny tips and tricks video
and this time we are looking at one of
the new and unique legendary weapons
being released in the dark below
expansion called the murmur now what
makes this fusion rifle special is it
actually evolves from a rare to a
legendary which we've never seen in
destiny before that's a completely new
thing and I'm going to show you all
step-by-step how that goes down and how
you'll be able to do it in this video
when the expansion comes out first
things first the way that you get the
murmur is by completing a quest given by
Eris morn who is the new MPC in the dark
below she's kind of the main driving
point for the story she gives you all
the story missions and the quest that
you have to complete is called though
awakening so once you complete that Eris
will give you the murmur and we're to
look at the stats right here so you can
clearly tell it's one of those high
impact low charge rate weapons with a
pretty nice mag size at 6 and it's kind
of one of those high risk high rewards
weapon weapons again because of that
impact and charge rate so what we're
gonna look at now is the modifiers the
first one is not very special we've seen
this before kills with this weapon
reduce the cooldown of your grenade not
special once again the second one is
incredibly special this weapon can
select between two different types of
elemental damage so when you get the
murmur you start out with arc and then
you have to unlock solar and then you
can just switch between both of those
it's kind of like switching up perks in
your subclass so that's how you'll do it
with the murmur and there's so many
applications you know very practical
applications for being able to do that
and you can just switch them on the fly
which is also very cool can't wait to
actually use this weapon and everyone
can get it by completing the story so
pretty much everyone will be walking
around with a murmur now like I said you
can actually upgrade or evolve this
weapon into a legendary so how you do
that is there is kind of a modifier I
guess you could say in the seventh
category the 7th you know column down
when you're upgrading the murmur so that
means you have to upgrade it all the way
in order to
actually evolve the weapon into a
legendary and that modifier is called
imbue increased the base quality of
murmur by gaining Eris's favor which is
just a fancy way of saying reputation so
the way you upgrade or evolved the
murmur into a legendary is to fully
upgrade the murmur so you got to get to
that imbue modifier and then you bring
your rare fully upgraded murmur to eros
and once you have gained her favor or
reached a certain you know reputation
rank you will be able to purchase
something called a rune core which kind
of looks like a slime ball from
Minecraft a little icon there and the
rune core will allow you to upgrade your
thing and the rune core will cost five
black wax idols which of course drop
from the vex and once you've evolved
your murmur it will look like this
so obviously one of the big differences
is just the damage number there so it's
got 248 to 300 so obviously there's a
huge difference between the legend the
rare version and the legendary version
in terms of that damage number however
the impact and the charge rate the mag
size all of that is the same and you
also have the two same modifiers
especially the one where you can switch
elemental damages but you also gain a
knee pads which allows you to slide
further with the murmur equipped guys
this weapon looks pretty sweet and I'm
kind of glad that everyone has an
opportunity opportunity to use it
it looks cool and like I said the
utility of being able to switch between
Ark and solar is really an invaluable
you don't have to switch to another
weapon it's really pretty simple I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
remember to hit that like button I'd
really appreciate it and also don't
forget you can subscribe to my channel
if you haven't already for more destiny
tips and tricks' content coming very
soon catch you guys next time peace